Chapter 4 ~ Epoch Realm

(player) gets teleported to the beach. It was noon and school has just ended, leaving (player) to wonder what day was it. On his way back
home, he noticed someone staring at him, (player) approaches him and questioned what he was doing. However he did not answer back, instead
he walks away (in tears). (player) proceeded back home after the weird encounter. Upon reaching home, he was approached by his father/maid,
he asked why did (player) took so long to reach back home [9 hours]. (player) then tells father/maid about what happened. Father/maid 
finds his excuse ridiculous and asked him to go back to his room. (player) went back to his room thinking about what had happened before. He
suddenly gets teleported and was greeted by Celebi. (player) questions where they are, right after asking he noticed someone else with Celebi
. Celebi then introduces (player) to Uxie. Uxie proceeds to explain that the reason for teleporting (player) was to tell him that he is needed
to stop the evil orgaization. Uxie tells (player) about the power of the crystals and teleports (player) to Flower Hill and show that flowers
are wilting without the energy from the crystal. Uxie then teleports (player) to the entrance of Wish Cave which shows it being covered by 
rocks and result of the crystal being stolen away. Uxie teleports them back to Epoch Realm  when all of a sudden Uxie was told by the rest
of the lake guardians about an attack that was happening. Uxie teleports away to help them, leaving (player) and Celebi behind. Celebi then
decided to join (player)'s party to assist him in saving the crystals. (player) then travels the realm to find the Lake Guardians to help
them save the crystal. (player) then finds the Lake Guardians fighting a group of grunts near a lake. (player) approaches the Lake Guardians 
however (player) was too late and the Lake Guardians were easily outnumbered and defeated. (player) notices someone approaching, only to find
out that it was Alan (player doesn't actually knows his name). (player) notices that Quinn and Eugene was there and they engaged in a battle
with him and Celebi. Alan fought the rest of the grunts and they ended up defeating the evil grunts. The evil grunts then escaped upon being
defeated. The Lake Guardians thanked Alan, (player) and Celebi for the help in defending the crystals. (player) questions Alan about who he
was and why was he here. Alan introduced his name and explains that he was called by Uxie to help defend the crystals. (player) also 
questions Alan about what had happened earlier, however Celebi interupted by telling (player) that they had to go and help others defend the
crystals. Alan stayed with the Lake Guardians to defend the crystal since they are likely to come back to retrieve it. Suddenly a "boom" sound
could be heard nearby, it seems to came from the Water Realm as it is close to Epoch realm. Celebi then teleports both of them there after
the Lake Guardians and Alan waved goodbye to them.

MADE BY STEELAX & NIGHTSHADE256. DONT COPY.
