Main characters:
		 (Player)~ A young teenager who just wants to have a normal life. He is a very emotional person who cares
                           about pokemon and the world. 

 	          Eugene ~ A well known member of (evil organization) who does not talk a lot. He is the leader's most
                           favoured person as he is smart in coming up with strategies that will almost always succeed. He
                           does not like harming others and pokemon (Due to an event*) so he always try to stay away from
                           fights.

                   Quinn ~ A very chatty and reckless person and will always do things in a rush without thinking. 
                           She will follow whatever the leader says without questioning. She aims to be the leader's
                           favourite grunt (Due to an event*) and will do anything for it. She is usually the one who
                           keep attempting missions even if the other grunts failed or will not do it.

          Dimitri Marsas ~ The leader of (evil organization) He aims to achieve domination (Used to be a gym leader*, and is the son of
                           Lukas Marsas, a former evil leader) Heis a very bossy person and will punish grunts who disobey his orders. 
                           He also has very poor planning skills and will sometimes start missions without thinking through the mission properly.
                           
                    Alan ~ He is an elite scientist who has worked for top firms and institutions. He is a kind person and tries
                           to help people in need. He is trusted by Celebi and Uxie. But sometimes he does not think 
                           through and makes serious mistakes.

                  Celebi ~ One of the protector of nature realm. She will do anything to protect the shards from being collected 
                           and ensures no one will disturb the pokemon and nature there. She is a resilient pokemon and will
                           not give up on ensuring peace of the realm and the safety of the shards. She is able to use
                           telepathy to communicate with humans.

* = A plot can be fitted into here